With this business, everything can go well.
and if I wanted to have a chocolate
Hot did not know how to do
I was also searched on leaving that
Did you share how you do it?
for those who do not know want to learn just
go on like this
ingredients you will need starch
of maize
the more famous because she does not know is
condensed milk and chocolate powder
It could be that chocolate and chocolate
What do we know about this car?
automatic more but what I bought
this contact or even that I think
stay has no sugar gets better and
milk the case I put the amount of
one arrives there is no secret after
you see when these ingredients only
everything pays to play inside the blender
I'll put three tablespoons of chocolate
of chocolate
if you want to put more will stay
darker and always puts amid
tablespoon does not look so chic
presence of a little but at last places
corn starch you do not place
too much because otherwise you will be left with
I like it but he does not play it
one need to put a lot of people do not
getting so hot is making you go
received by him is of stock exchange will depend
if you like it too sweet or not much
Sweet I really like and I put more
or less three to four scoops
if you want then when the duo with
the two women wanting their kindle
blog four to five years because a
troublesome person and like to enjoy
no need to fiddle while that's all
will put it all together to make it well
which represents 15
so just get all your mix and
take to the fire to give a light and
resorted to thicken a little to stay
creamy that the way we like it and
I mess talent I will last time
What I did did not give much time to give
at most two minutes but then you go
feel in the spoon that will get a
wholesale little replied alone
wait not to admit never old
mind is not funny
We are already getting the consistency
What do you mean I think it works?
to see
When I can not see, but finally
getting creamy
It's getting water on his mouth .
would not be ready to start getting
dangerous that gets very fast
began to be happy to receive
denunciations just for you
Look at the creamy hot chocolate in Brazil.
they are very strong
What a delight, folks, you're going to have to
do at your house and there are still people
wanted to marvel one hundred of them and
people here you can put now
spruce day if you want us
place the chocolate chocolate teaches the
even has people puts cinnamon teaching has
crazy people whipped cream here a lot of
but anyway it puts if what you want I
Yes, I would, yes, because even now
just the fact of being very sweet as
people do not even dare
then personal how to decorate
with the chance that you are how do you
do not think it can be a toast with
excellent wafer on cold days and not
must be playing here a hill of
envy of newspapers that I will not take
now it 's too hot
We are not even going to
winter and I hope you enjoy
very easy too at your house
My second game day there is not hot.
Forget to access www ponte logo 60
com
our fan page on facebook and shocked
saints with the bar were
steal our saint do not forget
music see that our continued holy only
write that spending will have to stay
happy, glad you guys leave
suggestions videos and even a great
hair one you want to see
she pity you hand that to do
contact with the kiss for you
after incident